Re-add ability to override autoresizer options (#30)
4teamwork/ftw.iframeblock: docs/HISTORY.txt

1.5.4 (unreleased)
------------------

> - Readd ability to override iframe autoresizer options which has gone in previous version [Nachtalb]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Re-add ability to override iframe autoresizer options which has gone in previous version [Nachtalb]
```
